c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\tshirtStore.dll.config
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\tshirtStore.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\tshirtStore.pdb
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\obj\Debug\tshirtStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\obj\Debug\tshirtStore.dll
c:\users\eishfaq\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\tshirtStore\tshirtStore\obj\Debug\tshirtStore.pdb
